feat: add function workflow to tutorial (#5243)
knative/docs: docs/getting-started/function-triggers.md

# Triggers, Brokers, and Event Sources

In the first Functions tutorial, you created a basic function that could receive
and respond to HTTP requests. Now, let's create a new function that can respond
to CloudEvents that are sent by Knative Eventing resources. In this tutorial, you
will create a simple Knative Event Source to generate CloudEvents, a Knative Broker
to send and receive these events, and a Knative Trigger to connect the event source
to your Knative Function. First, create and deploy the function.
## Create a CloudEvent Function

To create and deploy a CloudEvent function that echoes the CloudEvent it receives,
you can use the `kn func create` and `kn func deploy` commands.

Create the function by running the command:

```{ .console }

> func create -l go -t cloudevents echo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
func create -l go -t cloudevents echo
cd echo
```
This avoids the user from needing to use `-p echo` in the next step, and if they are like me they can `code .` and work on IDE :-)

To create the PingSource, you can also use the `kn` CLI. This command will
result in a PingSource emitting an event every minute, sending it to the
default Broker.

Create a PingSource called, `ping` by running the command:

```{ .console }
kn source ping create ping --sink broker:default --schedule="*/1 * * * *"
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
    Ping source 'ping' created in namespace 'default'.
    ```

## Create a Trigger

Now that the Broker and PingSource are created, you can create a Trigger that
will forward all PingSource events to the function. In the following command,
the `--sink` flag specifies the function as the event destination for the event
source.

Create a Trigger by running the command:

```{ .console }
kn trigger create ping-trigger --sink hello
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
    Trigger 'ping-trigger' successfully created in namespace 'default'.
    ```

To see your function being invoked, you can use the `kubectl` CLI to watch the
logs of the function pod. Watch the logs of the function pod by running the command:

```{ .console }

> kubectl logs -l function.knative.dev=true --tail=10

Reviewer: Need to tell the user to wait, if they get this message to try again. I had to wait 15 seconds to get some output
```
➜  func-tutorial kubectl logs -l function.knative.dev=true --tail=10                                                

No resources found in default namespace.
```

Reviewer 2: Any chance the function could provide a link to its own logs somehow on a GET? Probably not, but I thought it might be worth asking...

# Function Event Sources

In the previous section, you created a basic function that could receive
and respond to HTTP requests. Now, let's create a new function that can respond
to CloudEvents that are sent by Knative Eventing resources.

In this tutorial, you will create a simple Knative event source to generate

> CloudEvents, as well as other Knative Eventing resources. You don't need
> to know anything about Knative Eventing primitives to follow this tutorial.
> However, if you would like to learn more about Knative Eventing, see the
> [Using Knative Eventing](./getting-started-eventing.md) section of this tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CloudEvents, as well as other Knative Eventing resources. You'll learn more about Knative Eventing
[later on in this tutorial](./getting-started-eventing.md).
```

    ```{ .console .no-copy }
    Created go function in echo
    ```

And deploy the function with the `deploy` command from within the project directory:

```{ .console}
cd echo
func deploy
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
      Received response
      Context Attributes,
        specversion: 1.0
        type: echo
        source: event.handler
        id: 3ac510fc-95f8-4958-a18e-3ffbff22c842
        time: 2022-09-23T12:45:23.981Z
        datacontenttype: application/json; charset=utf-8
      Data,
        {
          "id": "89f49b4c-c8c4-46d2-a99e-eeca44fa894b",
          "time": "2022-09-23T12:45:18.852Z",
          "type": "boson.fn",
          "source": "/boson/fn",
          "specversion": "1.0",
          "datacontenttype": "application/json",
          "data": {
            "message": "Hello World"
          }
        }
    ```

## Create a Broker

Now, let's create the Broker. A Broker is a resource that will receive events
from the event source and forward them to other resources.
For many of the following commands, you will use the `kn` CLI. If you don't
already have the `kn` CLI installed, please refer to the [Knative

> Client installation instructions](https://knative.dev/docs/client/install-kn/).

Reviewer 2: This should line up with the setup for the getting-started tutorial, which [requires having `kn` installed](https://knative.dev/docs/getting-started/).

Reviewer 2: Also, less exposition -- maybe:

```suggestion
Next, we'll create a Broker to buffer events between the event source and the function.
```

> Create a default Broker by running the command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create a Broker named `default` by running the command:
```

```{ .console }
kn broker create default
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
      Broker 'default' successfully created in namespace 'default'.
    ```

## Create a PingSource

> A PingSource is a Knative Event Source that generates events at a specified interval.
> To create the PingSource, you will also use the `kn` CLI. This command will
> result in a PingSource emitting an event every minute, sending it to the
> default Broker.
> 
> Create a PingSource called, `ping` by running the command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To ensure we get events quickly, we'll create a [PingSource](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/sources/ping-source/) which generates an event every minute. Note that the PingSource uses a `crontab`-type expression:
```

Create a Trigger by running the command:

```{ .console }
kn trigger create ping-trigger --sink hello
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
    Trigger 'ping-trigger' successfully created in namespace 'default'.
    ```

To see your function being invoked, you can use the `kubectl` CLI to watch the
logs of the function pod. Watch the logs of the function pod by running the command:

```{ .console }
kubectl logs -l function.knative.dev=true --tail=10
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
    Received event
    Context Attributes,
      specversion: 1.0
      type: dev.knative.sources.ping
      source: /apis/v1/namespaces/default/pingsources/ping
      id: d467df81-3296-48ed-bb1c-0662153f53b1
      time: 2022-09-23T14:25:00.344067423Z
    Extensions,
      knativearrivaltime: 2022-09-23T14:25:01.295357548Z
    ```

That's it! To learn
more about local development with Knative Functions, see
[Next Steps with Knative Functions](../function-next-steps).
Or view the [Command Line Reference](https://github.com/knative-sandbox/kn-plugin-func/blob/main/docs/reference/func.md)

> for detailed descriptions of all CLI commands.

Reviewer 2: I think these should go in `/getting-started/next-steps.md`, not here (since this is in the middle of the tutorial flow, we don't want to explicitly route people out of the tutorial).

Next, we'll create a Broker to buffer events between the event source and the function.

Create a Broker named `default` by running the command:

```{ .console }
kn broker create default
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
      Broker 'default' successfully created in namespace 'default'.
    ```

## Create a PingSource

To ensure we get events quickly, we'll create a
[PingSource](https://knative.dev/docs/eventing/sources/ping-source/)
which generates an event every minute. Note that the PingSource uses
a `crontab`-type expression:

Create a PingSource named, `ping` by running the command:

```{ .console }
kn source ping create ping --sink broker:default --schedule="*/1 * * * *"
```

!!! Success "Expected output"
    ```{ .console .no-copy }
    Ping source 'ping' created in namespace 'default'.
    ```

## Create a Trigger

Now that the Broker and PingSource are created, you can create a Trigger that
will forward all PingSource events to the function. In the following command,
the `--sink` flag specifies your function as the destination for the CloudEvents.

Create a Trigger named `ping-trigger` by running the command:

```{ .console }

> kn trigger create ping-trigger --sink hello

Reviewer 3: I think this should use the `echo` function created a bit earlier
